Just because I am the dawn
What turned out to be the first gold medal producer for washing up?
How is the dawn possible?
How could the dawn come to a small place like ours?
Oh, how is that impossible?
It is said that Yuncheng held the largest sound of nature at that time
It is the dawn that is specially for one person
Gu Jinxi, how dare you pretend to be a gold medal producer?
How long are you going to impersonate?
I unblocked him.
Saving money even to eat
Can I not know how capable you are?
So what if you are Dawn?
Still don't understand
It's bad, do you dare to fight with me?
Just look at water innocence
Can you take down the people from the Knight Group?
Of course he won't.
Because he is a hat
Who are you?
I'm the number one gold producer of Curious Arts
Chen Xi
At first, Gu Jinxi and Su Nanyan colluded
Stole my identity
Gu Jinxi
I'm going to see what kind of flower you're going to play this time.
Song Tiantian, you can really seek death
As the number one gold producer of Curious Arts
Press Shen Yan really can't get the Ensemble of Strange Art Media
I believe in Miss Dawn
I am willing to take out 10% of the Shen family's number of moderation tasks
This collaboration with Curious Media
It's me Shen Junce
Shen Jun granted me to command you with the head of the Shen family
Stop making trouble big brother
Your obsession has already stolen the Shen family
I'm afraid I can't be the owner of this house.
Haha, this protagonist hasn't started yet.
This Shen family started to fight, haha, it's really interesting
If so
I also took out 100 billion
Join me a little
Hundred billion is worthy of being the daughter of the richest family
Isn't it 1,000 to do it?